FAQ to switch from rolling to blue-green deployment (#8019)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/kubernetes-faqs.md

#### Does Harness support traffic-shifting for SpotInst deployments?
No, the shift traffic feature is not currently available for SpotInst deployments

> #### How to switch fro rolling to Blue-Green deployment in harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to switch from rolling to Blue-Green deployments in Harness.
```

> To update the deployment from rolling to blue-green - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the deployment from rolling to blue-green:
```
